{
  "version": "0.3.0",
  "input_file": "/home/velesar/Downloads/conference_2026-01-29_13-46-01.wav",
  "duration_secs": 2732.003375,
  "language": "en",
  "model": "ggml-small-q8_0.bin",
  "transcription": "[Mic] Hello, I am.  Nice to meet you.  It's a very great pleasure for me to see you.  I see your answers and we can build an agenda actually into direction.  First of all, I have prepared a new vision of technical specification.  I've updated the document which we have before.  It's updated with answers, taking into account your replicas.  We get an email and our lattice code is Piatko.  And we can go through this specification.  Or if you have something to add forward regarding your vision of the system,  your requirements, API specifications, you can do it.  So it keeps a bit time for us.  So what is it?  I start or you start?  [inaudible]  [inaudible]  Okay.  [inaudible]  Okay.  So I understand you.  It's okay.  I will not put Russian you, but I will try to help.  It's only help.  I will share the screen now and we go through the document which I prepare.  It's a written version because it has more technical details and it's updated with new knowledge you share with us.  So it's version 2.1 because in the last moment I decided to add a couple of details.  So this document based on our assumption in that position we are not sure.  It's allow us to build the work breakdown structure, such kind of feature-based converse for estimation.  And our main goal is to approve or to correct this feature-based estimation table.  And if we remove all dependencies, all uncertainties at this point, we can provide you with estimate.  Also here is proposed milestones breakdown so you can correct it and non-functional requirement, something I feel based on the current typical situation.  Some places I live blank.  So if you have some specific requirements on this topic, feel free to feel it.  Yeah.  Yeah, Pijatko, thank you a lot.  I propose to go through the document step by step.  If Yan can answer, he will answer.  If not, he will now that the question is and will answer in written as soon as he can.  So, K-decision made.  This is decisions from our latest call and from Yan's reply.  Just an narration to give Yan the context.  How we understand the current situation, how we understand the core entities.  We have discussed this on our previous call and we more precisely describe the functionality.  In example, we see the workflow groups entity.  We see that slide 13, 14 from Yomakapps described this.  I briefly write down the functionality.  I briefly write down the data model I expect to have here.  And we have questions under these sections.  In example, what gear icon from that Mac App?  Sorry guys.  What the gear icon actually make?  One moment, please.  I will find the profile.  Here, this gear.  It's not only main events actually when we have Nia.  Let me find.  When the couple of tabs, we also have on each tab the settings.  So, okay, take your time, think and comment.  Just a comment, this document I will share this version with you.  Update it and put a comment or write an email.  I will capture the information.  So, events, the same structure.  Functionality from the Mac App described.  I need from you just to confirm I am capturing everything.  Data model, agreement limits.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  Let me, let me restructure.  So, I can see.  So, we have here new section events.  The same structure for each section.  Functionality which I catch design nodes, data models.  Here we have no questions.  So, just to confirm that idea catch it correctly.  Let data model catch it correctly.  Okay, it will be cool if you show, if you send some explanation.  I will replace the data structure here because as far as we have  no information before, I need to assume.  I need to put this data structures as assumption if you have it,  it will be awesome.  Okay.  It will be okay if you send, it will give me more time to think through  and yeah, it will be greater.  So, next section for management.  The same thing.  We have functionality captured from the slides.  We have understanding, ah, here's new things.  We have understanding that at this point we need some kind of integration  with your backend.  That's why I put my vision of this API endpoint.  So, you can throw and agree or disagree with my imagination.  And if you have swagger or if you have some kind of docs,  specification ideas, you can send to me and I will also update the document  and this will also be great.  Regarding this point, I have open questions.  What metadata is available for form?  I assume that it should be versions, some kind of status, field counts,  maybe something else.  Should be filter forms.  What is the URL patterns for opening form editor?  I have a link for opening editor, so I need some kind of URL patterns  or some way to get this form URL.  Next section regarding the connections,  connections between the events, the line.  So, Elsa captured the functionality, capturing the visual,  styling data models, there are no questions from our site at this point.  Rules and Jine, the same thing.  We are discussing preliminary, but we have open questions regarding the syntax  of these rules and Piatka says that you have some kind of documentation  regarding this.  We are waiting for it.  Maybe also the validation rule data structure, you want to change.  Elsa, next point, study discontinuation.  Study discontinuation, it seems we have confirmed approach.  Discuss it a lot, but maybe Jine will have an opinion,  so don't hesitate to provide it.  Canvas operation, the same thing.  It's regarding the scope and input, we are waiting regarding the functions of the system.  Elsa, I prepare the high level architecture diagram.  Here is our scope, what we are going to build.  Here is your main application, here is some form editor,  which I believe that will be standalone,  but I don't know how it will be done in your site  and how we can interact here.  So, just to confirm that my vision is correct.  The second diagram here is internal architecture of application.  We are going to build, so you can, it's preliminary build  according to the best practice of the Angular framework.  You can go through it and maybe you have some ideas regarding the structures  or some comments or some things which you want to tell.  Elsa, I will be appreciated if you send it to us.  Technology decision, which we take just to confirm.  Data models, it's our assumption.  I will provide your oven, I will match.  Integration specification.  The question is, please review the schema  and say what you see because we have no input.  Integration specification.  We will talk about the API you designed  and our assumptions on top of this API.  Regarding your later, we understand that there will be  auditification via the common shared cookie  and we will, with this token which we obtain through the cookie,  ask your API.  As far as we understand, we will need the following API endpoints  from your site.  If the structure of these endpoints will be different,  tell us before we give an estimate, please.  Here is the section with questions for you.  What is the cookie name?  How are you going to deal with the course considerations?  Because often it can be blocked by domain restrictions.  We will have some kind of token session refreshing.  We can also take it into account.  Is there some permission policies and so on.  Also we have endpoints for workflows, actually.  So we can get, post, put, delete the workflows.  And also we have endpoints for the forms and for the validations.  I prepare small integration sequence diagram  which describe interaction between the EADC system,  our part and your API.  So which request, in which sequence we should send  and which kind of response can be.  It's a high level diagram so I don't dive into too many details.  But in overall I try to take into account all significant things.  So also waiting for some response from you.  The sixth section of document is user interface flows.  I just described which has already been described here.  So you can take a look and can film or I'll find maybe something.  And here is the question summary section.  I gather all my questions into one section  so you can easily have it in one place if it will be easy for you.  So we have critical part.  It's no sense to estimate without the answers on this part.  We have important things.  It may affect scope, maybe not. I don't know. It's better to answer.  And we have some kind of nice to have.  If you answer it will be helpful but not for estimation.  And based on assumptions I prepare the features and risks.  So we can tell about the road maps and I believe you can go through and also confirm.  Non-functional requirements.  Some kind of our typical proposals.  The only one question here is regarding the compliancy.  Consideration.  Should we be compliant? How it will be done?  It's the question to you. We are waiting for answers.  Also I try to enumerate assumption.  It's not all. It's more that I found.  And actually if it's it, then my vision of next steps.  Maybe you have something to add at this moment of time.  Anyway. Direction.  Am I going in right direction?  Is it something that you also think about or it's completely wrong direction?  I think it's a question to you.  [inaudible]  [inaudible]  [inaudible]  [inaudible]  Maybe it's questions from my past experience and it's not very relevant to your specific project.  But from my experience when we are talking about the study, about the trials,  the forms usually change.  The flow usually changes and it's a pretty big issue to deal with some decision in past.  Which are not taken into account the versioning.  We cannot implement it in versioning at this particular moment.  But we should have this in mind when we design the system.  [inaudible]  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I understand you.  [inaudible]  [inaudible]  Yeah, that's why I see that can some kind of errors like this one be present in the flow.  Let's return to this picture.  I assume that you already have a lot of things because I see the screenshots.  And I see that the screenshot really represents the workflow.  We have events, we have forms, we have many other things here.  So I believe you really have a lot of which can help us to estimate our part.  It will be great if you share with us this information.  So what we do next, I will share my document with you and we'll wait for some comments.  How do you think if it possible to get comments by this week or next week or sometimes in more later future?  [inaudible]  Yeah.  [inaudible]  [inaudible]  Yeah.  It can be answered or it can be just approved because I propose my oven vision of this and this area in the  document.  So A is provide your vision, A is just approve.  This question, and this question I cannot assume because it's fully depend on your side regarding the expression syntax rules,  which we need to validate.  Yeah, yeah, number three and number four.  And section seven two, it may affect the scope.  In example, I assume that we will have course policy configured widely and we will have no any problems with this.  But if you have some kind of domain, different domains for this applications and we will have pretty strict course policy configured on your side,  we cannot obtain access to the cookie, to the shared cookie.  And we will need to figure some not trivial engineering solution for authentication.  And this may impact scope.  I want to have clear vision on these questions.  And seven three, it's nice to have.  We can estimate with all.  [inaudible]  [inaudible]  [inaudible]  Yeah.  [inaudible]  [inaudible]  [inaudible]  [inaudible]  Yeah. Okay.  It's good enough for me now to hear that we have no problem with cookie.  If we have one domain and it will be sorted under one domain.  This question is.  Yeah.  It's really not a problem, but I.  Okay. So.  Yeah. Yeah.  It's okay for me.  It's okay for me.  Regarding the sixth question, as far as I understand, we will have only one version.  Am I right?  It will be enough.  So the versioning will be and it will be part of the trial.  Okay.  It will be enough for me.  It will be enough for me.  It will be fixed.  Each form.  Let me share.  Let me share your screens.  We have on the mockups create form link and some other kind of.  Yeah.  We have but.  Yeah.  Yeah.  And we need to how this list I will obtain through the API, but here when I add create  form, this should be, I should know.  I should know how to add it.  Yeah.  Okay.  Okay.  So, okay.  Yeah.  Let it be the single URL, which will be fixed across how workflow builder.  So this question is also answered workflow group setting content.  And localization requirements.  This will be some right to left languages or Chinese languages, which.  Okay.  So it's it's question.  This question is also answered.  And let's for critical questions.  I will wait in for some API approved or comments.  I will wait in for data schemas, which you will send me this kind of documentation.  This question can be also answered be answered after we will see the schema or maybe you  have some addition comments.  And this also will be clear after you send the materials to us.  So it's pretty, it's looks like pretty simple way to unblock our estimation process.  Okay.  So if you have on us.  Okay.  Okay.  Okay.  At the moment, our goal is estimation.  And for estimation, I know needs a proper specification of swagger.  It's just an example, what it can be.  But I need to understand the general idea.  It can be in any format.  So I can it open it, maybe plain format plain text description like this, or it can be swagger.  I need to just understand and point is it resting point or RPC and point or some kind of graph QA,  or something else.  Maybe you have in mind, we need to confirm the actual endpoint structure and data, which can be  send it and which can be received from the CPI.  So we adjust our plan.  It can be in any format.  I know need the exact specification.  It's just for my understanding the general idea and having the formal traction, what we are talking about.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Okay.  So it will be saved automatically as edit or as close.  Yeah.  Okay.  So this is also.  Keyboard shortcuts.  And do redo.  Okay.  Touch tablet support.  So then.  Yeah.  So it seems we are good.  Sure.  If you have even some comments, but it's, you understand that it's not, we will affect significantly as a scope.  In example, the schema of API is the remains the same.  It will be rest.  It will be maybe another kind of resources naming or some optional fields and other optional fields.  You can skip it.  We will anyway, during the development to agree it with you in more details, but just for giving you correct estimation.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Not for now.  I am good.  It was a great pleasure to see young.  It was great pleasure to see you.  I will share this document as a follow up to our discussions and we'll wait some feedback from you.  I don't need to detail it.  Just common ideas common sense.  So I can hear.  Yeah.  Okay.  Thank you.  Have a good day.  Thank you.\n[Loopback] - Oh, you know, it's a little bit crazy.  - Yeah, great.  - Okay, you have success on the conference  and we'll clear with Igor.  - Thank you, thank you guys, have a good one, bye.  - Thank you, Anton, bye bye.  - Bye. .  (laughing) . .  (laughing)  (laughing) . . .  .. .  ..  ..  ..  ..  ..  ..  he  he  he asked you the question was if you want to add something about the specifications,  or should we go? Okay Igor, I will tell you the thing is we didn't want it to slow  you on one hand, on the other hand, Jan needs time to prepare how he wants the API to look  and how he thinks about everything. So that's why this was also in our first talk, that's  why we have a talk with him, we went through the things more or less, he still has not  thought, how you say deeply for it, so I suggest you look the questions, if somewhere you think  they are not very, the answers are not very specific so that you can estimate the scope  of the project, maybe we can try send us another question to answer, otherwise I would suggest  we can start with what we have, we are finishing next Wednesday the projects that we are working  on now and after that Jan will be able to think more on the app, to start thinking how they  will look exactly, so that's more or less. Okay, absolutely. Okay, this is the one that  you shared with us, right? It's the one, the same document that we have. But this, yeah,  okay, okay. Okay, no problem. Okay.  Okay.  that's great.  Perfect.  OK. . Okay. I would suggest now, because Yan is here, the technical questions that I was not able to answer last call, maybe you can ask him now.  If he knows, he will answer. If not, he will think about it. So I suggest whenever you have any technical questions, just ask.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK, you can - it's better to open it so we look at it.  We can also open it, but take care of time, don't worry.  Open events settings.  It's on different tabs for the different events.  OK, do we have somewhere two or more tabs?  Yes, OK.  Jan, do we need settings there or do you have any idea?  Probably.  Probably. OK, so you need to think what are the settings there.  Settings on.  Yeah.  You're not seeing your - I don't see your - or I see at least the mock-up.  Are you going through the document or through the - OK, so we -  Yeah.  OK, OK.  OK.  OK.  Mm-hmm.  Mm-hmm.  Yeah.  Well, let me say or add that those data structures do exist.  I will need to show you them.  Mm-hmm.  Yeah.  OK.  Do you want to see it or do you want us to send you a sample?  How do you prefer?  I mean Jan, can we show him now or do you think it's better to send him, I don't know, something?  Yeah.  I mean, yes, we have some example data from the existing study, for example.  OK.  OK.  OK.  We will send you.  Yeah.  Mm-hmm.  Mm-hmm.  Mm-hmm.  Mm-hmm.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Mm-hmm.  Mm-hmm.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Mm-hmm.  Mm-hmm.  Mm-hmm.  Yeah.  Yeah.  OK, you also have questions for Jan, right, here.  Yeah.  OK.  Mm-hmm.  Yeah.  Mm-hmm.  Mm-hmm.  Mm-hmm.  Yeah.  Mm-hmm.  Mm-hmm.  Mm-hmm.  Yeah.  Mm-hmm.  Mm-hmm.  Yeah.  OK.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Mm-hmm.  Mm-hmm.  Mm-hmm.  Mm-hmm.  Yeah.  It comes down to that I need some time to prepare all this.  Mm-hmm.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah.  I didn't say there is no versioning, but it's one version for all the elements.  So if you change an event, then it's a new version for everything.  I don't know if I'll make myself very clear what else.  There is no separate versions for events and forms, but they're all part of one version.  And the good thing about it is it keeps it consistent so that you know the study events can't reference a form that doesn't exist anymore.  That cannot happen.  But what, of course, a big problem is that you cannot work in parallel on the stuff.  And that might be a blocking issue because when the people prepare their forms, they might or they will actually work, want to work in parallel.  And that isn't really possible at the moment.  Mm-hmm.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Of course.  So what I can say is that this week I'm busy until next Wednesday with our current project.  Sorry, Jan.  Can we go to the summary of the questions?  To the section of the summary of the questions?  Sorry, Jan.  You were saying?  Yeah.  I'm just saying that before next Wednesday, I don't have time to work on this.  And I really want to give you a thorough documentation or at least that you have something more tenable to work with.  So if I understand correctly, can you scroll down a bit?  I forgot where I saw all of this.  Can you go more?  You had this.  Nice to have questions.  Aha, OK.  Yeah.  Can you zoom out a little bit?  Zoom out a little bit.  OK, I understand now.  So basically you need 7-1 and 7-2 answered in order for you to be able to prepare.  Aha.  Aha.  OK.  OK.  Number three and number four, you mean?  This is number three and number four.  OK.  Yeah.  OK.  Aha.  OK.  OK.  Yeah.  Yeah, yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Or Igor, just to ask you something.  Jan, is there any of the questions from 7-1 and 7-2 that we can just answer or you have to think how we do them?  I mean, are there any that are obvious and you can say yes?  We agree with that or no?  Yeah.  I mean, I can give some high level overview of some things like, for example, the authentication stuff, for example.  Like we did it with the form editor, that is pretty much a similar concept.  It's all running on the same domain at our site, so there is no cross origin happening.  The cookie, the authentication cookie is absolutely managed by the application.  And it's an HTTP only cookie, so you cannot access it.  We just expect authentication to be implicit so that when you ask the session information, API endpoint, it will give you the information that you need, but you don't handle the cookie.  Yeah.  Let's say there's multiple domains, but the workflow editor will always run on the same domain as the application it belongs to.  So I don't see a problem there really.  Because we had problems in the past, I know exactly what you're talking about, and that's why we do it like that.  So I suggest if Jan's answers are okay for you, you scratch the questions that he answers so that we have less open questions that he needs to think about.  I mean, if this high level answer is okay for your estimation, then I...  Perfect.  Okay.  Perfect.  Let's do it like this so that Jan don't have to think about these answers.  The initial stage, of course, we will need to think maybe deeper when we start the project, but I'm talking just for the initial stage.  Um, there will be versioning, but it's part of the trial.  So if you answer the question that is standing there.  Yeah.  Yeah, the form editor has a fixed URL relative to the domain root.  Um, no, the form editor really is a package or a standalone application really.  And there is no direct link to any particular form.  You can just open the form editor and then the user has to go to the form itself.  Yeah.  There was a form.  Yeah.  A form or something.  You choose form with the drop down.  You can go a little bit higher.  Upper, upper, up.  No, this is down.  You can, if you go up a little bit, I think you're talking, yes, about this one where you choose different forms.  Are you talking about these links?  Yeah.  Yeah, you're right.  We will need to think about it.  There is no API at the moment for that.  And no, no deep link into the form editor at the moment.  But isn't this, isn't this the link that you open the, the view editor so you click on create form and then it sends you to view editor like it is at the moment in the DC.  Yeah, I mean, you can do that, but it doesn't really create the form.  It just opens the, the editor.  But I think that was the idea of this button. Maybe we can change the name, not create form, go to the editor or whatever.  But was this the idea that we, that we go to the editor via this, this button and then we create there a new form that you can later input.  Yeah, probably.  Okay.  Yeah, I think that will be clear when I give you the, the data structures.  We will need at least English and German.  I mean, we can have you with the German translation.  Obviously. But that's the minimum.  You don't see that at the moment. No, just, just European languages.  Yeah.  Yeah.  I'm not sure, Igor, I'm not sure that I, that we have a documentation on the, on the syntaxes or.  We don't have a plain English documentation for the expression syntax.  Okay, I don't know Igor, if you, I have a, I have a PASA specification for it.  Maybe you can use something from that.  Exactly. I will, I will show you and then we can, we will see.  Okay. So if I understand correctly, okay, I will discuss this with Jan, but mostly he needs to think on the API and then we need to send you our example of the JSON and example of the syntax.  Yeah.  And then all the other questions would be answered from these three things that we send.  Can we go to the nice to have questions if we can answer some of them at the moment?  Let me ask one question first about the APIs.  I mean, this is about the schema and the general functionality of the APIs.  They don't need to exist at the moment or.  Mm hmm.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Mm hmm.  Mm hmm.  Mm hmm.  Yeah.  Mm hmm.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Okay. Can we go, we go to the nice questions and see if we can answer some of them.  Auto safe frequency.  Yeah. I mean, with the viewer editor that we have now, at least if you close the window, then it automatically saves so that it doesn't get lost. What you just did.  That's something that I think we would like to have again.  Yeah.  Yeah. At the moment, I think it does it to the, you know, local storage of the browser.  Just so that if you open it again, then it will be available again.  Yeah.  Yeah. Okay.  Both shortcuts shortcuts we have the right we have your editor.  Yeah, I mean, for the standard stuff, like you say, controversy for, for, you know, what is it undo go back and do.  Yeah. And copy and paste that that of course is nice. But other than that, I assume people will use the mouse.  Mostly.  Yeah, I mean, realistically, people will use it on their work computers.  So I think for the first version desktop is perfectly all right.  Perfect. I think we've answered most of the questions. So I guess there is some a little bit estimation.  I mean, for the AP, what you're asking is not the end to prepare the AP just to go over your estimations and look if it's okay.  If he has some specific things, do I understand this correctly?  Yeah.  Mm hmm.  Mm hmm.  Mm hmm.  Yeah.  Okay, and then the to the Jason schema and the syntax.  Perfect.  Yeah.  Okay, so I guess then, Jan, do you think it's realistic for the end of next week?  Yeah.  Yeah. I mean, some quick answers. Yes.  Yeah. That's what that's what Igor is asking as far as I understand some quick answers. Just don't think deep just answer them some quick answers.  And the syntax as well. We've agreed. We don't have documentation. Just send him what we have. He will work with what we have.  And if it's not enough for him, he will say after that it's not enough for me.  Yeah.  Okay, great.  Perfect. Igor, do you have anything else to ask?  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah, yeah.  I understand.  Do we want to tell them something more at the moment or that's what they need to know?  I think it will become clearer when the API and the Jason schemars there.  Then we will have new questions.  Okay, perfect. Okay. Thank you very much Igor. Thank you.  Have a nice day. Bye bye.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  [BLANK_AUDIO]",
  "segments": [
    {
      "speaker": "Mic",
      "text": "Hello, I am.  Nice to meet you.  It's a very great pleasure for me to see you.  I see your answers and we can build an agenda actually into direction.  First of all, I have prepared a new vision of technical specification.  I've updated the document which we have before.  It's updated with answers, taking into account your replicas.  We get an email and our lattice code is Piatko.  And we can go through this specification.  Or if you have something to add forward regarding your vision of the system,  your requirements, API specifications, you can do it.  So it keeps a bit time for us.  So what is it?  I start or you start?  [inaudible]  [inaudible]  Okay.  [inaudible]  Okay.  So I understand you.  It's okay.  I will not put Russian you, but I will try to help.  It's only help.  I will share the screen now and we go through the document which I prepare.  It's a written version because it has more technical details and it's updated with new knowledge you share with us.  So it's version 2.1 because in the last moment I decided to add a couple of details.  So this document based on our assumption in that position we are not sure.  It's allow us to build the work breakdown structure, such kind of feature-based converse for estimation.  And our main goal is to approve or to correct this feature-based estimation table.  And if we remove all dependencies, all uncertainties at this point, we can provide you with estimate.  Also here is proposed milestones breakdown so you can correct it and non-functional requirement, something I feel based on the current typical situation.  Some places I live blank.  So if you have some specific requirements on this topic, feel free to feel it.  Yeah.  Yeah, Pijatko, thank you a lot.  I propose to go through the document step by step.  If Yan can answer, he will answer.  If not, he will now that the question is and will answer in written as soon as he can.  So, K-decision made.  This is decisions from our latest call and from Yan's reply.  Just an narration to give Yan the context.  How we understand the current situation, how we understand the core entities.  We have discussed this on our previous call and we more precisely describe the functionality.  In example, we see the workflow groups entity.  We see that slide 13, 14 from Yomakapps described this.  I briefly write down the functionality.  I briefly write down the data model I expect to have here.  And we have questions under these sections.  In example, what gear icon from that Mac App?  Sorry guys.  What the gear icon actually make?  One moment, please.  I will find the profile.  Here, this gear.  It's not only main events actually when we have Nia.  Let me find.  When the couple of tabs, we also have on each tab the settings.  So, okay, take your time, think and comment.  Just a comment, this document I will share this version with you.  Update it and put a comment or write an email.  I will capture the information.  So, events, the same structure.  Functionality from the Mac App described.  I need from you just to confirm I am capturing everything.  Data model, agreement limits.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  Let me, let me restructure.  So, I can see.  So, we have here new section events.  The same structure for each section.  Functionality which I catch design nodes, data models.  Here we have no questions.  So, just to confirm that idea catch it correctly.  Let data model catch it correctly.  Okay, it will be cool if you show, if you send some explanation.  I will replace the data structure here because as far as we have  no information before, I need to assume.  I need to put this data structures as assumption if you have it,  it will be awesome.  Okay.  It will be okay if you send, it will give me more time to think through  and yeah, it will be greater.  So, next section for management.  The same thing.  We have functionality captured from the slides.  We have understanding, ah, here's new things.  We have understanding that at this point we need some kind of integration  with your backend.  That's why I put my vision of this API endpoint.  So, you can throw and agree or disagree with my imagination.  And if you have swagger or if you have some kind of docs,  specification ideas, you can send to me and I will also update the document  and this will also be great.  Regarding this point, I have open questions.  What metadata is available for form?  I assume that it should be versions, some kind of status, field counts,  maybe something else.  Should be filter forms.  What is the URL patterns for opening form editor?  I have a link for opening editor, so I need some kind of URL patterns  or some way to get this form URL.  Next section regarding the connections,  connections between the events, the line.  So, Elsa captured the functionality, capturing the visual,  styling data models, there are no questions from our site at this point.  Rules and Jine, the same thing.  We are discussing preliminary, but we have open questions regarding the syntax  of these rules and Piatka says that you have some kind of documentation  regarding this.  We are waiting for it.  Maybe also the validation rule data structure, you want to change.  Elsa, next point, study discontinuation.  Study discontinuation, it seems we have confirmed approach.  Discuss it a lot, but maybe Jine will have an opinion,  so don't hesitate to provide it.  Canvas operation, the same thing.  It's regarding the scope and input, we are waiting regarding the functions of the system.  Elsa, I prepare the high level architecture diagram.  Here is our scope, what we are going to build.  Here is your main application, here is some form editor,  which I believe that will be standalone,  but I don't know how it will be done in your site  and how we can interact here.  So, just to confirm that my vision is correct.  The second diagram here is internal architecture of application.  We are going to build, so you can, it's preliminary build  according to the best practice of the Angular framework.  You can go through it and maybe you have some ideas regarding the structures  or some comments or some things which you want to tell.  Elsa, I will be appreciated if you send it to us.  Technology decision, which we take just to confirm.  Data models, it's our assumption.  I will provide your oven, I will match.  Integration specification.  The question is, please review the schema  and say what you see because we have no input.  Integration specification.  We will talk about the API you designed  and our assumptions on top of this API.  Regarding your later, we understand that there will be  auditification via the common shared cookie  and we will, with this token which we obtain through the cookie,  ask your API.  As far as we understand, we will need the following API endpoints  from your site.  If the structure of these endpoints will be different,  tell us before we give an estimate, please.  Here is the section with questions for you.  What is the cookie name?  How are you going to deal with the course considerations?  Because often it can be blocked by domain restrictions.  We will have some kind of token session refreshing.  We can also take it into account.  Is there some permission policies and so on.  Also we have endpoints for workflows, actually.  So we can get, post, put, delete the workflows.  And also we have endpoints for the forms and for the validations.  I prepare small integration sequence diagram  which describe interaction between the EADC system,  our part and your API.  So which request, in which sequence we should send  and which kind of response can be.  It's a high level diagram so I don't dive into too many details.  But in overall I try to take into account all significant things.  So also waiting for some response from you.  The sixth section of document is user interface flows.  I just described which has already been described here.  So you can take a look and can film or I'll find maybe something.  And here is the question summary section.  I gather all my questions into one section  so you can easily have it in one place if it will be easy for you.  So we have critical part.  It's no sense to estimate without the answers on this part.  We have important things.  It may affect scope, maybe not. I don't know. It's better to answer.  And we have some kind of nice to have.  If you answer it will be helpful but not for estimation.  And based on assumptions I prepare the features and risks.  So we can tell about the road maps and I believe you can go through and also confirm.  Non-functional requirements.  Some kind of our typical proposals.  The only one question here is regarding the compliancy.  Consideration.  Should we be compliant? How it will be done?  It's the question to you. We are waiting for answers.  Also I try to enumerate assumption.  It's not all. It's more that I found.  And actually if it's it, then my vision of next steps.  Maybe you have something to add at this moment of time.  Anyway. Direction.  Am I going in right direction?  Is it something that you also think about or it's completely wrong direction?  I think it's a question to you.  [inaudible]  [inaudible]  [inaudible]  [inaudible]  Maybe it's questions from my past experience and it's not very relevant to your specific project.  But from my experience when we are talking about the study, about the trials,  the forms usually change.  The flow usually changes and it's a pretty big issue to deal with some decision in past.  Which are not taken into account the versioning.  We cannot implement it in versioning at this particular moment.  But we should have this in mind when we design the system.  [inaudible]  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I understand you.  [inaudible]  [inaudible]  Yeah, that's why I see that can some kind of errors like this one be present in the flow.  Let's return to this picture.  I assume that you already have a lot of things because I see the screenshots.  And I see that the screenshot really represents the workflow.  We have events, we have forms, we have many other things here.  So I believe you really have a lot of which can help us to estimate our part.  It will be great if you share with us this information.  So what we do next, I will share my document with you and we'll wait for some comments.  How do you think if it possible to get comments by this week or next week or sometimes in more later future?  [inaudible]  Yeah.  [inaudible]  [inaudible]  Yeah.  It can be answered or it can be just approved because I propose my oven vision of this and this area in the  document.  So A is provide your vision, A is just approve.  This question, and this question I cannot assume because it's fully depend on your side regarding the expression syntax rules,  which we need to validate.  Yeah, yeah, number three and number four.  And section seven two, it may affect the scope.  In example, I assume that we will have course policy configured widely and we will have no any problems with this.  But if you have some kind of domain, different domains for this applications and we will have pretty strict course policy configured on your side,  we cannot obtain access to the cookie, to the shared cookie.  And we will need to figure some not trivial engineering solution for authentication.  And this may impact scope.  I want to have clear vision on these questions.  And seven three, it's nice to have.  We can estimate with all.  [inaudible]  [inaudible]  [inaudible]  Yeah.  [inaudible]  [inaudible]  [inaudible]  [inaudible]  Yeah. Okay.  It's good enough for me now to hear that we have no problem with cookie.  If we have one domain and it will be sorted under one domain.  This question is.  Yeah.  It's really not a problem, but I.  Okay. So.  Yeah. Yeah.  It's okay for me.  It's okay for me.  Regarding the sixth question, as far as I understand, we will have only one version.  Am I right?  It will be enough.  So the versioning will be and it will be part of the trial.  Okay.  It will be enough for me.  It will be enough for me.  It will be fixed.  Each form.  Let me share.  Let me share your screens.  We have on the mockups create form link and some other kind of.  Yeah.  We have but.  Yeah.  Yeah.  And we need to how this list I will obtain through the API, but here when I add create  form, this should be, I should know.  I should know how to add it.  Yeah.  Okay.  Okay.  So, okay.  Yeah.  Let it be the single URL, which will be fixed across how workflow builder.  So this question is also answered workflow group setting content.  And localization requirements.  This will be some right to left languages or Chinese languages, which.  Okay.  So it's it's question.  This question is also answered.  And let's for critical questions.  I will wait in for some API approved or comments.  I will wait in for data schemas, which you will send me this kind of documentation.  This question can be also answered be answered after we will see the schema or maybe you  have some addition comments.  And this also will be clear after you send the materials to us.  So it's pretty, it's looks like pretty simple way to unblock our estimation process.  Okay.  So if you have on us.  Okay.  Okay.  Okay.  At the moment, our goal is estimation.  And for estimation, I know needs a proper specification of swagger.  It's just an example, what it can be.  But I need to understand the general idea.  It can be in any format.  So I can it open it, maybe plain format plain text description like this, or it can be swagger.  I need to just understand and point is it resting point or RPC and point or some kind of graph QA,  or something else.  Maybe you have in mind, we need to confirm the actual endpoint structure and data, which can be  send it and which can be received from the CPI.  So we adjust our plan.  It can be in any format.  I know need the exact specification.  It's just for my understanding the general idea and having the formal traction, what we are talking about.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Okay.  So it will be saved automatically as edit or as close.  Yeah.  Okay.  So this is also.  Keyboard shortcuts.  And do redo.  Okay.  Touch tablet support.  So then.  Yeah.  So it seems we are good.  Sure.  If you have even some comments, but it's, you understand that it's not, we will affect significantly as a scope.  In example, the schema of API is the remains the same.  It will be rest.  It will be maybe another kind of resources naming or some optional fields and other optional fields.  You can skip it.  We will anyway, during the development to agree it with you in more details, but just for giving you correct estimation.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Not for now.  I am good.  It was a great pleasure to see young.  It was great pleasure to see you.  I will share this document as a follow up to our discussions and we'll wait some feedback from you.  I don't need to detail it.  Just common ideas common sense.  So I can hear.  Yeah.  Okay.  Thank you.  Have a good day.  Thank you."
    },
    {
      "speaker": "Loopback",
      "text": "- Oh, you know, it's a little bit crazy.  - Yeah, great.  - Okay, you have success on the conference  and we'll clear with Igor.  - Thank you, thank you guys, have a good one, bye.  - Thank you, Anton, bye bye.  - Bye. .  (laughing) . .  (laughing)  (laughing) . . .  .. .  ..  ..  ..  ..  ..  ..  he  he  he asked you the question was if you want to add something about the specifications,  or should we go? Okay Igor, I will tell you the thing is we didn't want it to slow  you on one hand, on the other hand, Jan needs time to prepare how he wants the API to look  and how he thinks about everything. So that's why this was also in our first talk, that's  why we have a talk with him, we went through the things more or less, he still has not  thought, how you say deeply for it, so I suggest you look the questions, if somewhere you think  they are not very, the answers are not very specific so that you can estimate the scope  of the project, maybe we can try send us another question to answer, otherwise I would suggest  we can start with what we have, we are finishing next Wednesday the projects that we are working  on now and after that Jan will be able to think more on the app, to start thinking how they  will look exactly, so that's more or less. Okay, absolutely. Okay, this is the one that  you shared with us, right? It's the one, the same document that we have. But this, yeah,  okay, okay. Okay, no problem. Okay.  Okay.  that's great.  Perfect.  OK. . Okay. I would suggest now, because Yan is here, the technical questions that I was not able to answer last call, maybe you can ask him now.  If he knows, he will answer. If not, he will think about it. So I suggest whenever you have any technical questions, just ask.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK.  OK, you can - it's better to open it so we look at it.  We can also open it, but take care of time, don't worry.  Open events settings.  It's on different tabs for the different events.  OK, do we have somewhere two or more tabs?  Yes, OK.  Jan, do we need settings there or do you have any idea?  Probably.  Probably. OK, so you need to think what are the settings there.  Settings on.  Yeah.  You're not seeing your - I don't see your - or I see at least the mock-up.  Are you going through the document or through the - OK, so we -  Yeah.  OK, OK.  OK.  OK.  Mm-hmm.  Mm-hmm.  Yeah.  Well, let me say or add that those data structures do exist.  I will need to show you them.  Mm-hmm.  Yeah.  OK.  Do you want to see it or do you want us to send you a sample?  How do you prefer?  I mean Jan, can we show him now or do you think it's better to send him, I don't know, something?  Yeah.  I mean, yes, we have some example data from the existing study, for example.  OK.  OK.  OK.  We will send you.  Yeah.  Mm-hmm.  Mm-hmm.  Mm-hmm.  Mm-hmm.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Mm-hmm.  Mm-hmm.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Mm-hmm.  Mm-hmm.  Mm-hmm.  Yeah.  Yeah.  OK, you also have questions for Jan, right, here.  Yeah.  OK.  Mm-hmm.  Yeah.  Mm-hmm.  Mm-hmm.  Mm-hmm.  Yeah.  Mm-hmm.  Mm-hmm.  Mm-hmm.  Yeah.  Mm-hmm.  Mm-hmm.  Yeah.  OK.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Mm-hmm.  Mm-hmm.  Mm-hmm.  Mm-hmm.  Yeah.  It comes down to that I need some time to prepare all this.  Mm-hmm.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah.  I didn't say there is no versioning, but it's one version for all the elements.  So if you change an event, then it's a new version for everything.  I don't know if I'll make myself very clear what else.  There is no separate versions for events and forms, but they're all part of one version.  And the good thing about it is it keeps it consistent so that you know the study events can't reference a form that doesn't exist anymore.  That cannot happen.  But what, of course, a big problem is that you cannot work in parallel on the stuff.  And that might be a blocking issue because when the people prepare their forms, they might or they will actually work, want to work in parallel.  And that isn't really possible at the moment.  Mm-hmm.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Of course.  So what I can say is that this week I'm busy until next Wednesday with our current project.  Sorry, Jan.  Can we go to the summary of the questions?  To the section of the summary of the questions?  Sorry, Jan.  You were saying?  Yeah.  I'm just saying that before next Wednesday, I don't have time to work on this.  And I really want to give you a thorough documentation or at least that you have something more tenable to work with.  So if I understand correctly, can you scroll down a bit?  I forgot where I saw all of this.  Can you go more?  You had this.  Nice to have questions.  Aha, OK.  Yeah.  Can you zoom out a little bit?  Zoom out a little bit.  OK, I understand now.  So basically you need 7-1 and 7-2 answered in order for you to be able to prepare.  Aha.  Aha.  OK.  OK.  Number three and number four, you mean?  This is number three and number four.  OK.  Yeah.  OK.  Aha.  OK.  OK.  Yeah.  Yeah, yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Or Igor, just to ask you something.  Jan, is there any of the questions from 7-1 and 7-2 that we can just answer or you have to think how we do them?  I mean, are there any that are obvious and you can say yes?  We agree with that or no?  Yeah.  I mean, I can give some high level overview of some things like, for example, the authentication stuff, for example.  Like we did it with the form editor, that is pretty much a similar concept.  It's all running on the same domain at our site, so there is no cross origin happening.  The cookie, the authentication cookie is absolutely managed by the application.  And it's an HTTP only cookie, so you cannot access it.  We just expect authentication to be implicit so that when you ask the session information, API endpoint, it will give you the information that you need, but you don't handle the cookie.  Yeah.  Let's say there's multiple domains, but the workflow editor will always run on the same domain as the application it belongs to.  So I don't see a problem there really.  Because we had problems in the past, I know exactly what you're talking about, and that's why we do it like that.  So I suggest if Jan's answers are okay for you, you scratch the questions that he answers so that we have less open questions that he needs to think about.  I mean, if this high level answer is okay for your estimation, then I...  Perfect.  Okay.  Perfect.  Let's do it like this so that Jan don't have to think about these answers.  The initial stage, of course, we will need to think maybe deeper when we start the project, but I'm talking just for the initial stage.  Um, there will be versioning, but it's part of the trial.  So if you answer the question that is standing there.  Yeah.  Yeah, the form editor has a fixed URL relative to the domain root.  Um, no, the form editor really is a package or a standalone application really.  And there is no direct link to any particular form.  You can just open the form editor and then the user has to go to the form itself.  Yeah.  There was a form.  Yeah.  A form or something.  You choose form with the drop down.  You can go a little bit higher.  Upper, upper, up.  No, this is down.  You can, if you go up a little bit, I think you're talking, yes, about this one where you choose different forms.  Are you talking about these links?  Yeah.  Yeah, you're right.  We will need to think about it.  There is no API at the moment for that.  And no, no deep link into the form editor at the moment.  But isn't this, isn't this the link that you open the, the view editor so you click on create form and then it sends you to view editor like it is at the moment in the DC.  Yeah, I mean, you can do that, but it doesn't really create the form.  It just opens the, the editor.  But I think that was the idea of this button. Maybe we can change the name, not create form, go to the editor or whatever.  But was this the idea that we, that we go to the editor via this, this button and then we create there a new form that you can later input.  Yeah, probably.  Okay.  Yeah, I think that will be clear when I give you the, the data structures.  We will need at least English and German.  I mean, we can have you with the German translation.  Obviously. But that's the minimum.  You don't see that at the moment. No, just, just European languages.  Yeah.  Yeah.  I'm not sure, Igor, I'm not sure that I, that we have a documentation on the, on the syntaxes or.  We don't have a plain English documentation for the expression syntax.  Okay, I don't know Igor, if you, I have a, I have a PASA specification for it.  Maybe you can use something from that.  Exactly. I will, I will show you and then we can, we will see.  Okay. So if I understand correctly, okay, I will discuss this with Jan, but mostly he needs to think on the API and then we need to send you our example of the JSON and example of the syntax.  Yeah.  And then all the other questions would be answered from these three things that we send.  Can we go to the nice to have questions if we can answer some of them at the moment?  Let me ask one question first about the APIs.  I mean, this is about the schema and the general functionality of the APIs.  They don't need to exist at the moment or.  Mm hmm.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Mm hmm.  Mm hmm.  Mm hmm.  Yeah.  Mm hmm.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Okay. Can we go, we go to the nice questions and see if we can answer some of them.  Auto safe frequency.  Yeah. I mean, with the viewer editor that we have now, at least if you close the window, then it automatically saves so that it doesn't get lost. What you just did.  That's something that I think we would like to have again.  Yeah.  Yeah. At the moment, I think it does it to the, you know, local storage of the browser.  Just so that if you open it again, then it will be available again.  Yeah.  Yeah. Okay.  Both shortcuts shortcuts we have the right we have your editor.  Yeah, I mean, for the standard stuff, like you say, controversy for, for, you know, what is it undo go back and do.  Yeah. And copy and paste that that of course is nice. But other than that, I assume people will use the mouse.  Mostly.  Yeah, I mean, realistically, people will use it on their work computers.  So I think for the first version desktop is perfectly all right.  Perfect. I think we've answered most of the questions. So I guess there is some a little bit estimation.  I mean, for the AP, what you're asking is not the end to prepare the AP just to go over your estimations and look if it's okay.  If he has some specific things, do I understand this correctly?  Yeah.  Mm hmm.  Mm hmm.  Mm hmm.  Yeah.  Okay, and then the to the Jason schema and the syntax.  Perfect.  Yeah.  Okay, so I guess then, Jan, do you think it's realistic for the end of next week?  Yeah.  Yeah. I mean, some quick answers. Yes.  Yeah. That's what that's what Igor is asking as far as I understand some quick answers. Just don't think deep just answer them some quick answers.  And the syntax as well. We've agreed. We don't have documentation. Just send him what we have. He will work with what we have.  And if it's not enough for him, he will say after that it's not enough for me.  Yeah.  Okay, great.  Perfect. Igor, do you have anything else to ask?  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah, yeah.  I understand.  Do we want to tell them something more at the moment or that's what they need to know?  I think it will become clearer when the API and the Jason schemars there.  Then we will have new questions.  Okay, perfect. Okay. Thank you very much Igor. Thank you.  Have a nice day. Bye bye.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  [BLANK_AUDIO]"
    }
  ]
}
